SRS WALLPAPER APK
Table of Contents -
• Application Information
• Application Description
• How to install SRS Wallpaper apk for Android?
• How to install SRS Wallpaper apk for pc?
Application Information -
• Version :”2.0”
• Updated on 20/06/2022
• Download Size:10mb
• Application Requirement
1. Control Vibration
2. Prevent from unknown image
3. Looking nice for mobile
Application Features :
❖It will set as wallpaper instead of having an default 
wallpaper It should also set as our image as 
wallpaper.
❖Offline application .
❖Adaptive Wallpaper according to your device 
screen.
❖An app containing a plethora of beautiful 4k & HD 
wallpapers.
❖We are in service to provide you an eclectic 
collection of HD and 4K wallpapers.
❖Now, you don’t have to tediously search the web 
for wallpapers, all you have to do is few taps in 
order to get high-resolution HD & 4k wallpapers of 
your favorite genre. Complement your screen with 
exclusive wallpapers because we are aligned to the 
current trends in the world to provide you the best 
in class wallpapers.
Simply Beautiful
❖An app that will make you fall in love with 
wallpapers. It’s UI is designed to give a clutter-free 
experience by removing all the excess. Hassle free 
experience with a minimalistic interface and the 
negligible number of a relevant advertisement. All 
the wallpapers in the app are free to download.
Save battery and resources. 
❖The application displays only adapted to the size of 
your screen Wallpapers. This allows you to 
conserve battery power and Internet traffic, and 
use the app at maximum speed without losing
image quality. The app works on dynamic loading 
algorithm which saves the data if few wallpapers 
are already present in the downloads section. 
Creative wallpapers 
❖Wall X is a high quality, selective collection 4k & HD 
wallpapers exclusively made by artists, for your 
device. Your phone and tablet have never been so 
good-looking. 
Description -
We can set any photo as wallpaper in an single click easily.
How to install SRS Wallpaper apk for an Android :
Download Wallpaper apk file from some apk.com, follow these 
steps:
Update phone settings :
▪ Go to your phone settings page
▪ Tap security or applications
▪ Check the unknown sources
▪ Confirm with ok
Go to downloads :
▪ Open downloads on your device by going to my files or 
files 
▪ Tap install when prompted the apk file you download will 
be installed on your device 
How to install wallpaper apk on windows 7/8/9/10/11. 
✓ Download or enter the properties has the image to 
need set as wallpaper
Using Emulator :
➢ Download a photo or go to pictures and click set 
as wallpaper option and select ok.
